Information for text contributors to Wikimedia projects To grow the
commons of free knowledge and free culture, all users contributing to
Wikimedia projects are required to grant broad permissions to the
general public to re-distribute and re-use their contributions freely,
as long as the use is attributed and the same freedom to re-use and
re-distribute applies to any derivative works. Therefore, for any text
you hold the copyright to, by submitting it, you agree to license it
under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
License. For compatibility reasons, you are also required to license
it under the GNU Free Documentation License (unversioned, with no
invariant sections, front-cover texts, or back-cover texts). Re-users
can choose the license(s) they wish to comply with. Please note that
these licenses do allow commercial uses of your contributions, as long
as such uses are compliant with the terms.  As an author, you agree to
be attributed in any of the following fashions: a) through a hyperlink
(where possible) or URL to the article or articles you contributed to,
b) through a hyperlink (where possible) or URL to an alternative,
stable online copy which is freely accessible, which conforms with the
license, and which provides credit to the authors in a manner
equivalent to the credit given on this website, or c) through a list
of all authors. (Any list of authors may be filtered to exclude very
small or irrelevant contributions.)  Importing text: If you want to
import text that you have found elsewhere or that you have co-authored
with others, you can only do so if it is available under terms that
are compatible with the CC-BY-SA license. You do not need to ensure or
guarantee that the imported text is available under the GNU Free
Documentation License. Furthermore, please note that you cannot import
information which is available only under the GFDL. In other words,
you may only import text that is (a) single-licensed under terms
compatible with the CC-BY-SA license or (b) dual-licensed with the
GFDL and another license with terms compatible with the CC-BY-SA
license If you import text under a compatible license which requires
attribution, you must, in a reasonable fashion, credit the
author(s). Where such credit is commonly given through page histories
(such as Wikimedia-internal copying), it is sufficient to give
attribution in the edit summary, which is recorded in the page
history, when importing the text. Regardless of the license, the text
you import may be rejected if the required attribution is deemed too
intrusive.  Information for non-text media contributors Non-text media
on Wikimedia Foundation projects are available under a variety of
different licenses that support the general goal of allowing
unrestricted re-use and re-distribution. The requirements for such
licenses are given in the Wikimedia Foundation Licensing
Policy. Individual communities may elaborate upon and refine these
requirements.  Information for re-users You can re-use content from
Wikimedia projects freely, with the exception of content that is used
under "fair use" exemptions, or similar exemptions of copyright
law. Please follow the guidelines below: Re-use of text: Attribution:
To re-distribute a text page in any form, provide credit to the
authors either by including a) a hyperlink (where possible) or URL to
the page or pages you are re-using, b) a hyperlink (where possible) or
URL to an alternative, stable online copy which is freely accessible,
which conforms with the license, and which provides credit to the
authors in a manner equivalent to the credit given on this website, or
c) a list of all authors. (Any list of authors may be filtered to
exclude very small or irrelevant contributions.) This applies to text
developed by the Wikimedia community. Text from external sources may
attach additional attribution requirements to the work, which we will
strive to indicate clearly to you. For example, a page may have a
banner or other notation indicating that some or all of its content
was originally published somewhere else. Where such notations are
visible in the page itself, they should generally be preserved by
re-users.  Copyleft/Share Alike: If you make modifications or
additions to the page you re-use, you must license them under the
Creative Commons Attribution-Share-Alike License 3.0 or later.
Indicate changes: If you make modifications or additions, you must
indicate in a reasonable fashion that the original work has been
modified. If you are re-using the page in a wiki, for example,
indicating this in the page history is sufficient.  Licensing notice:
Each copy or modified version that you distribute must include a
licensing notice stating that the work is released under CC-BY-SA and
either a) a hyperlink or URL to the text of the license or b) a copy
of the license. For this purpose, a suitable URL is:
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ For further
information, please refer to the legal code of the CC-BY-SA License.
Additional availability of text under the GNU Free Documentation
License: For compatibility reasons, any page which does not
incorporate text that is exclusively available under CC-BY-SA or a
CC-BY-SA-compatible license is also available under the terms of the
GNU Free Documentation License. In order to determine whether a page
is available under the GFDL, review the page footer, page history, and
discussion page for attribution of single-licensed content that is not
GFDL-compatible. All text published before June 15th, 2009 was
released under the GFDL, and you may also use the page history to
retrieve content published before that date to ensure GFDL
compatibility.  Re-use of non-text media: Where not otherwise noted,
non-text media files are available under various free culture
licenses, consistent with the Wikimedia Foundation Licensing
Policy. Please view the media description page for details about the
license of any specific media file.  Precedence of English terms These
site terms are not to be modified. If there is any inconsistency
between these terms and any translation into other languages, the
English language version takes precedence.
